What if I threaten you?
Don't forget you're just a director that the White Prince stole.
And he despised the whole city.
Wearing a dragon robe sitting on the famous family dragon seat present everyone could see.
But he hugged him three times five times, even humbly giving him a salary contract worth 300 million.
I see that you simply do not let the Royal Court in your eyes.
This friendship sister, this lead actor can no longer carry it.
If guilty, White Prince
Then...
Hey, who's it?
Turn in which direction
Don't worry, let Qin Xiao be the male owner.
The White Prince will be pleased.
You mean the White House was content for a psychopath to cheat on number one without membership?
I...
It's the Great Qin Emperor.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Are you kidding me? You think you're a real dragon in a dragon suit?
I don't know if dogs are always dogs.
That's right, Qin Xiao.
You can do nothing in this life.
Will be destined to be an emperor's never-dying wild dog.
Qin Xiao
You're just a scoundrel who'll fall behind a woman.
Garbage in the trash
You do not think that if you have the Holy Spirit, you can do evil in front of the demons.
Don't forget, this victory party is organized by the Hoang Trieu Group.
You also removed enough dragon seats and dragon robes.
Any one of them chose it as a pig.
Even someone like Liang Shao, Long Feng, was not in a position to explain the Five Immortals seat.
You just because of a sentence of Tran Tinh Ngoc that you forget.
You really think Tran Tinh Ngoc cares about your talent.
All he sees is you stupid.
You want to use this to attract the attention of the White Prince?
General Director Yang, I'm not like you.
Why I Can Stand Up in the Film and Television Industry Today
That's because I never rely on men.
What are you pretending to be?
Aren't you also a whore who relies on compensation taxes?
Thought we were afraid of you.
Your friend hit.
How dare you hit me?
I'm the top birthday.
More than 100 million fans online
Since I debuted.
No one in the entertainment world would ever treat me like that.
Doesn't it already exist?
You have the courage to be generous with me.
Throw it away.
In the name of my Tran Tinh Ngoc.
The latter permanently blockaded Yang Dong in the Long Kingdom.